README.md, before:

# DOM-Generator

`dom-generator` is a versatile utility that simplifies the dynamic creation of HTML elements and the organization of a document's structure based on user-defined specifications. With a focus on ease of use and flexibility, this package allows you to effortlessly generate and manipulate HTML elements, making it a powerful tool for building dynamic and interactive web applications.

## Features

- **Intuitive API:** Create HTML elements with ease using a straightforward and intuitive API.
- **Hierarchy Building:** Organize elements into a hierarchical structure using a simple and declarative syntax.
- **Event Handling:** Easily attach event listeners to elements, enhancing interactivity in your web applications.

# Usage

## Install

```bash
npm i dom-generator
```

## Import

```js
import domGenerator from "dom-generator";
```

## Innovate

```js
domGenerator({
  tag: "section",
  attributes: { class: "card" },
  children: [
    {
      tag: "button",
      properties: { textContent: "DOM-Generator" },
      eventListeners: { click: () => console.log("Hi!") },
    },
  ],
});
```

# Config

- **`tag`**: HTMLElement or name of an element to be created.
- **`attributes`**: Object of attributes to be applied to the element (`element.setAttribute(key, value)`).
- **`properties`**: Object of properties to be applied to the element (`element[key] = value`).
- **`eventListeners`**: Object of eventListeners to be applied to the element (`element.addEventListener(key, value)`).
- **`children`**: Array of objects (or a single object) containing `tag`, `attributes`, `properties`, `eventListeners`, and `children`.

Commit message:

feat: Update createElement function to support data attributes
Extended the functionality of the createElement function to support data attributes in addition to regular attributes. Adjusted the implementation to set data attributes on the created HTML element using the dataset property. This enhancement provides users with more flexibility when creating HTML elements, allowing them to include custom data attributes as needed.

README.md, after:

# DOM-Generator

`dom-generator` is a versatile utility that simplifies the dynamic creation of HTML elements and the organization of a document's structure based on user-defined specifications. With a focus on ease of use and flexibility, this package allows you to effortlessly generate and manipulate HTML elements, making it a powerful tool for building dynamic and interactive web applications.

## Features

- **Intuitive API:** Create HTML elements with ease using a straightforward and intuitive API.
- **Hierarchy Building:** Organize elements into a hierarchical structure using a simple and declarative syntax.
- **Event Handling:** Easily attach event listeners to elements, enhancing interactivity in your web applications.

# Usage

## Install

```bash
npm i dom-generator
```

## Import

```js
import domGenerator from "dom-generator";
```

## Innovate

```js
domGenerator({
  tag: "section",
  attributes: { class: "card" },
  children: [
    {
      tag: "button",
      properties: { textContent: "DOM-Generator" },
      eventListeners: { click: () => console.log("Hi!") },
    },
  ],
});
```

# Config

- **`tag`**: HTMLElement or name of an element to be created.
- **`attributes`**: Object of attributes to be applied to the element (`element.setAttribute(key, value)`).
- **`dataAttributes`**: Object of data attributes to be applied to the element (`element.dataset[key] = value`).
- **`properties`**: Object of properties to be applied to the element (`element[key] = value`).
- **`eventListeners`**: Object of eventListeners to be applied to the element (`element.addEventListener(key, value)`).
- **`children`**: Array of objects (or a single object) containing `tag`, `attributes`, `properties`, `eventListeners`, and `children`.
